Introduction to Web Development: Client Scenario and Criteria
Author: Sophia
PDF Version
 what's covered
This information will support the Touchstone, specifically:

1. Client Scenario
2. Client Expectations
2a. Requirement 1: Create Four Distinct Webpages
2b. Requirement 2: Create a Web Form
2c. Requirement 3: Create a Shopping Cart
3. Approved Client List
1. Client Scenario
You have been granted a contract to build a website for a client within your local town. For this Touchstone project, you will select one client from an approved list for which you will create a website. You will apply what you have learned throughout this course to ensure that the site follows good user interface design practices and incorporates accessibility measures whenever possible.

2. Client Expectations
The client’s website must include four webpages, a web form with connectivity to web storage, and a shopping cart. Detailed requirements are listed below.

2a. Requirement 1: Create Four Distinct Webpages
The Homepage
The Gallery page
The About Us page
A custom webpage
All the pages should contain a header and a footer section, where the following requirements should be met:
The header should include the client logo, a webpage title, and a functional navigation bar.
The footer should include a subscribe-to-newsletter feature, social media links, and navigation links to other webpages.
The Homepage should include the following:
Client highlights
Shopping promos
Product/item images
Shopping perks
Categories of products
The Gallery page should include the following:
A “View Shopping Cart” button
Items/services sold by the client in a tabular format
An image, a brief description, and an “Add to Cart” button for each item
The About Us page should include the following:
A description of the client, including the business hours
A form for client feedback and custom orders
The custom page can include the following:
Customer testimonials
Community involvements
Events and collaborations
2b. Requirement 2: Create a Web Form
On the About Us page, connectivity to web storage will be used to process a web form for client feedback and custom order creation.

2c. Requirement 3: Create a Shopping Cart
On the Gallery page, there will be a shopping cart with the following features:

An “Add to Cart” button at the bottom of each image will let the user add that item to the cart.
After the item is added to the cart, the user will receive a dialog message that says, “Item added.”
A “View Cart” button at the top left/right corner of the page will let the user view the currently added items in a modal window. The “View Cart” modal window will have two buttons, one for “Clear Cart” and another for “Process Order.” The “Clear Cart” button will clear the items in the cart, and the “Process Order” button will display a dialog message that says, “Thank you for your order.”
